Add ERC725 + Roadmap page to Standard section (#259)
lukso-network/docs: docs/standards/lsp-background/erc725.md

---
sidebar_label: 'ERC725'
sidebar_position: 1
---

# ERC725

:::info Standard Document

[ERC725 - General Executor and Data Key/Value Store](https://github.com/ERC725Alliance/ERC725/blob/develop/docs/ERC-725.md)

:::

## Introduction

> Using Extenrally Owned Accounts is limiting and risky as if the private key of the account gets leaked, anyone can execute any transaction from it, transferring all assets owned by the account. Also, data cannot be attached to it and it's limited to performing the CALL and CREATE opcode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Extenrally Owned Accounts (EOA) is limiting and risky as if the private key of the account gets leaked, anyone can execute any transaction from it, transferring all assets owned by the account. Also, data cannot be attached to it and it's limited to performing the CALL and CREATE opcode.
```

> In order to have a more secure account, more flexible execution on the blockchain, and the ability to attach endless data, a smart contract should be used to ensure a safe ownership process, more operations to execute, and endless data store availability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to have a more secure account, more flexible execution on the blockchain and the ability to attach endless data, a smart contract should be used. It ensures a safe ownership process, more operations to execute and endless data store availability.
```

Not sure about the "more operations to execute" part tho. It sounds weird.
